[Music]
so maybe to Denmark to my chest for the
last part not today
[Music]
you
cowboy
[Music]
I guess we'll work on that later okay
here's your list of things to do while
I'm gone
batteries need to be changed towards the
bottom of the chesty be swallowed or and
make sure everyone attends mister spells
seminar and what to do if you're part of
you okay okay good okay you haven't
found your head no daddy's leaving for
cowboy camp any minute I can't find it
anywhere
don't worry woody just a few hours
you'll be sitting around a campfire with
any making delicious hot schmoes they're
called s'mores buzz s'mores right
s'mores but right s'mores Plus s'mores
[Music]
I despise that chicken leave a door open
and a child could walk right into this
factory right into the monster world I
won't go in a kid's room you can't make
me go in there because we need this
we're no strangers to love you know the
rooms answer our city is counting on you
to collect those children's screams
without scream we have no power let's
get you out of your box you get you see
the Hat I am mrs. Nesbitt ha ha ha ha ha
snap out
[Music]
eeee ting tang walla walla bing bang
tang
[Music]